while one parent looks after the chick
the other must journey far offshore to
gather small fish and squid
from the surface waters
but the hardest part is getting food
back to the island
because they share this airspace with
thieves
[Music]
magnificent frigate birds known as manor
warbirds patrol high above
[Music]
these pirates are not trying to kill the
tropic bird
but force it to give up its catch
[Music]
it's an aerial dogfight
tropic birds are quicker on the turn
frigates have exceptionally lightweight
bodies
and their extremely long winds give them
great power
[Music]
success
a favorite attack is from behind and at
height
[Music]
there goes the fish another victory
this tropic bird chick still awaits the
return of its
who has yet to run the gauntlet of the
pirates
keeping close to the waves is his best
chance
frigate birds have so little oil in
their feathers they can't risk
[Music]
ditching
if you can just reach the cliffs he'll
be safe
[Music]
he's made it with his crop still full of
fish
[Music]
hmm
you